of the wrist that you'll need to take in this field in terms of personnel
with finding that balance of being a sort or she you know what I
mean by that is been been able to stick out no one went to stick up
for your team members I know a way to fight for your team members as
far as risks in terms of a career all together you definitely take
some rest firstly the you take a lot of risk by joining the military
or join the navy a particular where you know you risk being I don't
appointment anywhere from six to eleven months and that can have a
huge affect on your personal life so those are two things that I can
say sticks out as far as rumors